the British president in the Galapagos
tamed that he knew from the shape of a
giant tortoises shell which island is it
come from if it had a rounded front it
came from a well-watered Island where it
said on lush ground plants whereas one
from a drier island had a peak at the
front which enabled it to reach up to
higher vegetation were these tortoises
each on their separate islands different
species and if so was each one a
separate act of divine creation the
difference is that Darwin had noticed
amongst these Galactica's animals were
of course or tiny but if they could
develop wasn't it possible that over the
thousands or millions of years the whole
series of such differences might add up
to one revolutionary change on his
voyage home Darwin had time to ponder on
these things could it be that species
were not fixed for all time but could in
fact slowly change listen to this one
this is a pigeon oh this is a horse